---
layout:     post
title:      251021Diary
date:       2025-10-21
author:     YunzhongZhu
header-img: img/post-bg-re-vs-ng2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Blog
---

# Comparison between life and the computer games.

I find when I am absorbed in something, I can feel the exsistence of myself with a detached but engaged sentiment. And I get to realize some belief or concepts related to that feeling. It feels good to find some responsive and similar feedback on the Internet. 

Also, I happen to meet a science fiction I have known before at a very young age but haven't had an opportunity to read. Its concept is appealing due to its scientific core to some extend. I wish to read it when other important things are finished.

So actually, things worrying me before are not so confused anymore. Ignore can sometimes be interpreted as circumvention, but here I regard it as a general wisdom from a far vaster picture. Like in the Battleflag, continuous winning only happens with a extremely low possibility. But to keep scores always positive, you must carry out some seemingly inevitable operations which might feel so frank to accept at that time. Great distinction between life and games would never allow us to quit certain obstacles in the beginning, which is a common situation in recent version of the Battleflag. I realize that the top players' are nobel for their abundant experience and  healthy mindset. They have almostly gone through all situations and have an proven optimal strategy which enables them to go as far as possible. This mindset or strategy , as I think, still counts in realistic life.

LOL LIFE is like a GAME.
