---
layout:     post
title:      250521日记
date:       2025-05-21
author:     YunzhongZhu
header-img: img/post-bg-re-vs-ng2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Blog
---

# SHARE from Kyrie Irving
we can do what to protect our energy and inner piece?
Piece of mind.
who is gonna stop us after that when we have cleared out the way no stress
nobody can hold us back
I get no haters in my crew
I get a tribe that really unconditionally loves me
I have a loyal family that are devoted to me.
I have trustworthy people around me
I have created an environment that I want
AND THEN IT'S TIME TO THRIVE
am I still gonna be afraid or confused?
even when I have everything that I have prayed for?
the universe gives to me and I need to protect it and fight for it
FUCK NO. NO FEAR
all those things that I didn't have only made me more prepared to be a light for the world
because I am a constant reminder that I need to appreciate the life I do have and I need to appreciate the life I do have in the life
because there are so much things that we will want to have but we cannot
When I am at peace, the truth, is the only thing that I am willing to follow
when I am at peace, the truth is the only thing that I am striving for
inner peace is not just an idea but an ideal and we need to protect the ideal(to be rewarded on this journey)
because if we are strayed by the wins and losses and successes and failures in this life 
I will never be at peace because our motions will never be settled
I will always want more
If you don't like the where we are and don't like the things about ourself and compare ourselves to others
that's where the depression and anger starts
why compare ourselves to others
We only hace this life to live one life
make the choice
when you wake up in the morning 
what are you grateful for?
the air that comes into lungs
I am appreciate that I have the opportunity to do the things that I am doing today.
So it remind me today that the journey is truly the reward
I may not be who I want to be today
but I know I can be better tommorrow working towards who that I want to be
whether I make mistakes within the business?
whether I make mistakes when going forward?
whether I am dedicated to the job?
all yes
I will never be perfect but at the same time I have to have laughter
I have to have fun I have to have smile
I can not have too much pressure on myself because I have only one life to live and life changes.


