---
layout:     post
title:      251008essay
date:       2025-10-08
author:     YunzhongZhu
header-img: img/post-bg-re-vs-ng2.jpg
catalog: true
tags:
    - Blog
---

# Comparison between life and the computer games.
Recently, the battleflag of the Hearthstone are in a very interesting version. Different heroes has greatly different boudaries of strength. Some heroes can easily rank 1st or 2nd through mechanical operation. Meanwhile, some heroes are struggling to keep alive. It has nothing to do with the player's level. It is just totally a factor of luck to choose the powerful hero, which largely determines your loss or win.
So consequently and apparently, lots of players are complaining about the unfairness of the design of the game.
There is also another game I want to involve: overwatch. It's rank matching system has always been for blame, since your team can not be level-pegging with your enermies for the most of the time. As a result, players are not satisfied with the unbalance.
Then an idea just sstikes me. The phenomenon mentioned above is quite similar with our society. There is no absolute fairness. And if you get to know how the giant and seemingly beautiful world functions, you will find something against with “utopia”. 
And I am thinking about nihilism, a also seemingly undefeatable belief. But when thinking from an objective or different view, I realize that denying everything's valueness or meaning with just simply a word "nonsense" is ridiculous. Its easiness just is not balanced with nihilism's horrific appearance and that's the big reason that I am not so deeply aborbed in it anymore. Nihilism is not ultimate. It is so unsymmetric.
Let's go back to the comparison. I just fit well with the games' infamous system. I have a different attutide. I can do my best for a result whether win or loss with the hero I pick or the players that I am matched. Actually, it is not a novel idea. It is a kind of relief or encouragement we have heard before more than twice. But I just realized its real feedback when I imply it in games. It does feel complex but good. I think I can list some example or provide some illustrations, but I can not just write them in a few words. Maybe in the future I will do that.
Besides, I think I come up with something "innovative" which is the main reason of this post. I want to conclude it to a single word: isomorphism. It is a mathematical concept and in mathematics it can develop uncountable interesting things. I just begin to realize it. One of teh most importmant part is to find the different bases of these isomorphic spaces. 
Waiting for the future to continue...
